CASMMON-446  Create victoriametrics documentation (#5423)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/system_management_health/System_Management_Health_Checks_and_Alerts.md

# System Management Health Checks and Alerts

A health check corresponds to a VMalert query against metrics aggregated to the VMalert instance. Core platform
components like Kubernetes and Istio collect service-related metrics by default, which enables the System Management
Health service to implement generic service health checks without custom instrumentation. Health checks are intended to
be coarse-grained and comprehensive, as opposed to fine-grained and exhaustive. Health checks related to infrastructure
adhere to the Utilization Saturation Errors \(USE\) method whereas services follow the Rate Errors Duration \(RED\)
method.

VMalert alerting rules periodically evaluate health checks and trigger alerts to Alertmanager, which manages
silencing, inhibition, aggregation, and sending out notifications. Alertmanager supports a number of notification
options, but the most relevant ones are listed below:

- Email - Sends notification emails periodically regarding alerts
- Slack - Publishes notifications to a Slack channel
- Webhook- Send an HTTP request to a configurable URL \(requires custom integration\)

> Similar to Victoria metrics, alerts use labels to identify a particular dimensional instantiation, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to VictoriaMetrics, alerts use labels to identify a particular dimensional instantiation, and the
```
